feat: support storing, retrieving and refreshing encrypted secrets at account or asset level (#2236)
FlexMeasures/flexmeasures: documentation/cli/change_log.rst

FlexMeasures CLI Changelog
**********************

since v1.0.0 | July XX, 2026
=================================

* Add ``flexmeasures edit secret`` to store encrypted account or asset connection secrets.

> * Add ``flexmeasures delete secret`` to remove one encrypted account or asset connection secret.

Reviewer: Secrets don't *have* to be connection secrets.
```suggestion
* Add ``flexmeasures edit secret`` to store an encrypted secret on an account or asset.
* Add ``flexmeasures delete secret`` to remove an encrypted secret from an account or asset.
```
